---
title: "home"
bg: white
color: black
style: center
---

# Elevator Pitch (Short Version)

I am an incoming Ph. D. student at Yale University in biomedical engineering
with quite an eclectic variety of interests. My passions for computational
modeling, physics, and quantitative approaches to the life sciences have made
me explore the areas of biomedical imaging, with which my Ph. D. thesis will
most likely be concerned.

# About Me (Long Version)

I'm a bit of an eccentric individual whose favorite thing to do, above all, is
learn. I'm pretty much the biggest STEM junkie you will possibly ever find,
and by that I mean a junkie in all 4 of the fields encompassed by the acronym.
I received both my Bachelors of Science ('15) and Masters of Engineering ('16)
from Cornell University, the former in both chemical engineering and computer
science, and the latter in biomedical engineering. I am about to embark upon a
Ph. D. also in biomedical engineering starting August 2016 at Yale University,
with a potential project involving computational biomedical imaging/medical
physics.

I like to, however, have personal interests that span a variety of fields. If
I had it my way, I would be able to study all of my interests at the same time.
Here is a list of things you could probably have a healthy conversation with
me about:

* Mathematics
  - Measure Theorey
  - Analytical Calculus/Differential Geometry
  - Abstract Algebra
* Physics
  - Quantum Mechanics/Quantum Mechanical Formulations
  - Langragian Mechanics
  - Solid-State/Condensed Matter Physics
  - General Relativity
  - (Super-)String Theory
* Chemistry
  - Physical Chemistry
  - Molecular Dynamics
  - Molecular Orbital Theory
  - Statistical Thermodynamics
* Biology
  - Molecular and Systems Biology
  - Genomics and Computational Biology
  - Biochemistry
  - Stem Cell Engineering
* Computer Science
  - Multi-Paradigm Programming
  - Programming Language Theory (Type Theory)
  - (Typed) Lambda Calculus
  - Algorithm Design and Analysis

..and the list goes on. If you know something about any of those, or something
else entirely, feel free to reach out.